about the hit the range or whatever it was.
F4 Dick first was it understood that private shines could leave the port at night after the
completion of his training was just weekend or was it any time that somebody requested
his really poor committee work.
I'll start at any time that the committee actually needed him for work providing a
good end of bear with his training and also providing that it was under sound lines
jurisdiction to make it a termination of whether or not it complied with those provisions.
But you see on your statement of charges I believe on page 11 you say that you
told General Ryan that he should be made available on the request of the committee staff
over weekend.
Now I'm not kidding what was the operating arrangement of the port case or who I was
to may not have been a resident of that but I mean what sort of an understanding was
that General operating under I think if the General Ryan followed a bit difficult to
carry out his directive.
That's right.
It was the original arrangement you'll recall from an exact temporary duty for your
committee.
Then that was changed to being available for committee work on board dicts when actually
needed by the committee and providing a good enough bear with his training.
At first that was believed in the nature of weekend but when the question came up the
needed for on an evening during the course of a week was wouldn't he be made available
providing a legitimate committee business and did not interfere with his training.
That's also was permitted subject to General Ryan's view of the individual situation.
You have a final word?
I want to tell the chair that I have something that I consider of extreme importance
regarding this investigation.
If my turn comes up by a message I'm going to take.
Thank you.
May the chair ask the time he for not to take from Senator Muddly's time to answer your secretary's
statements which are the transmissions he has time to spare nobody else.
I'm sorry, Senator Muddly.
This is Secretary of State.
I would like to say this that I am neither a comfortable for any of the parties in the
Parliament or a dinner, neither am I a devil's advocate in this Parliament.
I would like to ask this one question.
Is it not a fact that there was an arrangement from like full order revenge that was prepared
in your own or in the Parliament?
I would say there was a pile of papers sent at a potter, finding a lot of material which
was done separately put together into this analogy and everything that was in that pile
was available to this committee.
Is it not a fact that certain states would now appear in your statement of the case?
The main available request, the opinion request, that will require to be trying that
the members of Congress receive the chronological order revenge which you have committed.
That may be a social part of us just so out of our house, out of our job.
If you have no knowledge yet to whether that so-called lead came from the Army or the mother's office,
or I can say it, I can only speak to myself and I assure you that it did not come from me.
Have you heard that a lead had been made in the Department of Army concerning the final
of the court of the event?
People or members of the Congress received the report.
Or you may notice the analogy of the final of the matter to the committee,
not as finely-fimilied but in its original form.
And for the repeat that question for me, kind of a personal answer for a lead.
Well, the question is the fact that you knew whether you had any personal knowledge
or the members of your staff, headly, with information through the press prior to the time
that the members of Congress received the final of the court of the event to the final fall.
I know you can now have the information contained in its original form or in the state of mind.
I know of course that there was a original form as you call it, Senator.
And I heard that there were news folks or people who were aware of what was in that.
But I personally didn't have a copy of it and I certainly had nothing to do with any link in connection with it.
I know I did hear a little lesson with a headly, heeched and did you question any of your staff
as to whether they had any information through the press?
I didn't personally question them now, but I didn't know they could watch you say it did leak.
Who saw it or why not? I don't know.
It was more like an open ticket to work with a back and it was more like an open ticket for about a month.
That the army had this position this before.
Based upon the right-matter information that came to my attention, I assumed the retention of other members of Congress,
the basis for my request, if the army had this information, the committee certainly could receive it,
which could take full action to make this happen.
Oh sure, I certainly agree with that.
I know that a number of people saw the report that you were referring to,
and have it at late for my Tuesdays, some newspaper people saw it,
and I would be surprised if the money I had had any copy of it.
Now when there comes here knowledge that the Department of Army, the PPA,
the final logical test of this conversation, it came to my knowledge that my return from the far east on the third of February,
you had no knowledge of the prior to that time. That's correct.
Now if I may switch to another topic, there are many topic zamolace in this box.
There's much to discuss in concerning the numbers of persons without a stop moment,
because they were security risks.
Yes, now how many of the men that were suspended as security risks were suspended without the army having any prior knowledge
of the worst security risks until the Send and the Mafia Committee started investigating.
The first single one, as far as I can recall, in other words,
it's your testimony that the army had a report and they were investigating all the importance
that were later on were separated as security risks.
As far as I know that, it's correct.
I would like to revert to your statement.
I'm interested to get a picture of interest to me, and I would like to ask if one question on here,
your report, of the final article, you bet.
How many other members of the team were requested this report?
I think that there was something like eight or ten, Senator.
Eight or ten members of the team.
I think as long as my name has been brought into the question of asking for a report, I can say this.
Am I the chief of my report?
The only person who found out the report others in my stuff,
was the sender of party, the sender of veterans, and the sender of the Mafia.
So the publication of this report was not found from Iowa.
Now that's the statement, I would interested in the annual statement that every day has 12 points.
So the effort made on behalf of the committee staff to secure a practical statement for it, but you're shy.
I know that efforts were made to relieve Mr. Kine from state duties.
Would you elaborate on that, because it happened one night, in my first 24 hours in the army,
and I was 17 hours on V.D., and I have a little first and one piece of wrong.
The action can be done.
Senator, I can't give you the details of the death zone habit.
General Ryan, however, is available and will testify if you wish him with respect to all of these cases.
I just want to say that I have not been able to follow all of them by their activities of either China or other private.
I have to say that I have to go to the U.S. Army.
We've got a lot of problems we have to do with suit.
But General Ryan, would they like to give us a detail on it?
You know whether the private China was released in KP shooting or not, it's my impression that he was released.
But I'm not sure that I'd rather have General Ryan put the fly on it.
I have a few questions.
A couple of minutes.
The secretary, I have a few questions here.
I understand it's ingest is by the draft board or the records and the organization itself or not under the army.
Is that correct? That's correct.
The point you mentioned that the army at Fort Mon was working with the Federal Bureau of Investigation in connection with the SPAN at the Fort Mon.
I don't want to take my 10 minutes and having explained that to me.
I would appreciate your making up for the records.
Some details with respect to that situation that you feel the public could know about.
In other words, what was the nature of the relationship?
How were they working with the army? Right Fort Mon?
When you do that for the records, yes, my amethyst is my standard.
I'm in my eye. Fort Mon is that who wrote the SPI I'm doing at the court?
I'd like to ask this question.
You're the head of the army or a general rich way.
I'm not a god.
Usually in civilian control or the military service, I do.
Do you consider that as the function of a secretary to have a department put in the best possible, the most proper position in the Congress and the people with the Congress and the people?
Yes, I do.
Would you consider it proper to do your best to have the army with you ahead in yourself?
To be in the best possible position with this committee?
I'm not sure if I'll repeat it.
Would you consider it proper to do your best to have the army with you ahead in yourself to intern be in the best possible position it can be with this committee?
Well, I want to do the best I can on my own first.
Let's committee on the other committee.
Would your interest in stopping the committee's investigation at Fort Mon was for stopping the public today or who or what?
I would not want to stop the investigation.
I wanted to change the nature of the hearing or at least have the publicity that was given out of come near to reflecting the actual facts from the case of Fort Mon.
Now, Mr. Secretary, if the committee of the Congress with proper authority expresses interest in any particular situation, does not that mean that that particular situation is automatically extradited in the army itself?
Yes, sir.
Now, the next question I'd like to ask Mr. Secretary, as I understand that you did not prepare these charges, is that correct?
That's right.
If you had a preparedness, did our numbers they were signed by your council, Mr. Welch?
If you had a preparedness following the pressing of the chairman, would you have left an aim to call out, but I've left an aim with the call out?
No, I don't have one of the three principles.
I don't think so.
Well, I'd like to say that Mr. Bartent is Mr. Secretary. I wasn't very happy about your reply.
So, the question is personally, I don't know if that's in order to say it.
I've gained out there, I'm the lawyer.
Now, I'd like to ask this question.
There was some, I believe you said that Mr. Colme was assigned to New York before November 10th, and then the council said something about Mr. Colme not being in the army until November 10th.
I'm not sure if that's wrong, would you?
I'm not sure if it's right.
The reason of plan was to put him on temporary duty at first time here in New York.
I'm the very few, since that day, which was November 1st.
Shortly thereafter, I've done it in my car to be indicated that he would like to have that temporary duty in New York, Council.
I'm there, Mr. Colme, indicators that as long as the week has moved along a certain amount of time, he thought that time should stay all over the weekend in order to do somebody work.
I was not.
I didn't mean it in a rush, it's finished.
I'd like to ask this question another way.
And at the time, you had a wife.
In the panic I'm dealing with Mr. Shine and the army or whether he not.
He was.
Now my final question is secretary.
Whatever the agreement was with respect to Mr. Shine, why was it made and how it was violated?
In other words, if it was agreed that Mr. Shine should be off every night, then why is the army complaint when he did get off?
If it's not agreed that he should get off, then why did Joe Ryan have to telephone to get permission to get him off?
The same today is some difference there.
Well the agreement was that Mr. Shine was to be available for committee business.
And I do there is thing to be a lot of committee business.
Well I don't wish to pursue it, but if the agreement was that he could be off for committee business and his statement made where he was going to be off for committee business, then why is the violation of an agreement?
Well perhaps that may be involved with the question of what is committee business.
Well who decided that it wasn't committee business?
Who decided it wasn't?
I mean it was a first association, but it was not an association training center.
Of course it was that association that General Ryan had that.
That was probably agreement and the trial and it was his statement made.
At the number of times he was there to get all the opportunity that he was sitting in the deal with his training.
If it did, then he was not supposed to get off for a deal.
In your opinion, General Ryan had been in the field of his training, I would have done a lot of fun because he actually knows.
I have no further questions to share at this time.
I'm going to go check.
Mr. Wells, you now have 10 minutes and see my report.
Thank you very much.
Small amount of money asked only one question which I only have to be dealt with in the form of a space in the Milo.
If there's a fact that it stays into specifications that were drawn and signed by me as your counsel,
we're drawn without your active participation.
That's correct. I'm short note.
Henry, did you learn that Mr. Wells, same player as I worked overtime, and where I had to die from the minds that they were prepared?
I thought so much.
I'm just a call.
Mr. Wells, this one minute has been signed by me for a year.
And that's another of my calls.
I have one of those, my country rules, the standards of the training you have under the top job and the federal bureau of Medicaid to come with our commitment.
Now I'm in.
In the specifications by the money, there are here many jobs that in pop and means are used to get a financial treatment.
For Mr. Shaw, my new job is to write a call on October 7, 1963 in that Mr. Shaw on that day tonight, 12.
So as you can do for this way, the secretary of the economy, gives you a sometimes vital assignment and sometimes special treatment.
Now is that charge made by you true or is it false?
And I think in just a minute, the call actually acknowledged at this time.
That's what check for me.
While Secretary Stevens is checking that information, I might say that Senator McCrypton left the questioning over to his subcommittee council,
why Cohen has now returned to the room and they are put together just the secretary of the state and Mr. Sinclair, one of the Army council.
Also, well, Mr. Cohen is a wife I've said before in my mind, but the car was not nearly as active in that conversation as you were.
But he was there and my president took a lesser part in it.
Mr. Stevens, will you tell Senator Munts, please, sir, and the committee, one word that was spoken by Cohen Shaw about Dave Shine on that day?
Our tax call, they call it that word.
He recall that any word was spoken by him about Dave Shine on that day.
I will call that he in a minor way back to us in connection with the statement that you were making.
Mr. Stevens is not a fact that in the series of events, the 34 days before released by the Army, under date of launch, the 11th, 1953, in giving a detailed recital of what took place on November, on October 2nd, he specifically said that
well, the talking about Dave Shine has been done by me and you did not even mention Mr. Carl's name.
So I said that Mr. Carl's name, a minor part, so I said that.
Sir, I'm not, I'm starting to ask now whether Mr. Carl's name is any part, and if he did, I would like to tell you, I would like you to tell us when he just worked hard, he did play.
He sure really is a better student, all of us, and he is a very important student, he wouldn't have had any of his control flow in common,
but those applications, the kinds he pushes, take out of the cabinet, so that, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, as you mentioned, he's not had any of that.
Mr. Chairman, Ralph, Ralph, I'm not just Steven, I'm sorry, Mr. Stone.
May I point to Mr. Chairman Ralph, I have a question for an unknown chair, because I was interviewing him with him the other day.
So my fingers will have the information, for me, it's important to do this committee.
I am seeing him again tonight, that will give the chair a report to more and more.
I will be told ten minutes, that's all I have to say.
Well, my recollection remains as I've indicated, namely that Mr. R. Okay, minor parts in this particular discussion.
Mr. Steven, in the only event we now, on a status to serve, you are the only possible witness on your guided to this particular time to say,
are you not the only three people who are present with your self, Mr. Karl and myself?
So they couldn't, on a vital idea, you have a minor in the machine installed in your office to say,
what's your guess date? I do not, I think.
So, the only three people there with your self, my self and Mr. Karl, that right, is for us.
So, if there were any improv conduct by Mr. Karl, if he had used any improv on me to get preferential treatment for private shine or anyone else,
you would be the only one in position to know that other than that, right?
I know, what I mean to say, you would be the only source of information from Mr. R. and the other people drawing up this account of what happens in your office.
On our public deck, and one only three people in the world, that's a very Steven, Karl and Karl were present.
I would now ask you, whether it's not a fact that when you gave a full account of what happened on that day,
in the Army events, number six stated October through 1953, you specifically said that the discussion about shine was stated by Mr. Karl,
and that there is no mention whatsoever of Mr. Frank Karl having participated in that conversation.
Well, certainly that's true, because I wasn't leaving Mr. Karl any part of the conversation.
I am now saying he did that as my own community benefit, as we might like to watch.
Would you tell us any one thing? I cannot tell you. I say you did most of the talking, and Karl got two off the line I referred to as a minor or left or right.
Can you remember one word that Mr. Karl said on the subject of shine?
I say it on my own, my own way.
You may have no control.
Well, certainly Steven, I haven't found a follow-up. Your chemistry is both to Sun for a month and the other summer is...
Mr. Karl was asked about this. You say that Karl backed up Mr. Karl, and you may be back to him up by silent, or back him up by conversation.
If you back him up by conversation, then let's have a conversation.
Well, he first of all, he does nothing to stop him from the conversation.
He's all at the rear left.
From the rear left one.
And second way is to call him with most of the talking as the chronology indicates.
But Mr. Karl, in my recollection, all those get left away, left away, left away, left the same thing.
Look, look, look, look, you're choosing to bring fire to something very serious.
You say that he's got to be improperly influenced here.
Now, if he says something to them proper, we shouldn't know what he said.
If he doesn't say anything to proper, if he can't remember anything improper, then you should tell him.
I think you were trying to give us an honest account.
That's right.
Some of my friends are going to be with us.
And they say, I had myself a 29.
I think it's only fair to do.
To tell our boss, Frank Karl, this is improper.
Well, I can't wait.
You are. You took your doing your job.
You asked me the young man for this charity job because of the improper conduct.
And you can't tell us what it is.
Well, some of the, the part of the army has put in this bill of the secular.
And I think that there will be a little material that will come before the combinatorial bear.
I just mentioned this.
If not your combinatorial yield from out.
You say the army put in the air bill.
Number one, the army did not put in the bill of the secular.
You and Mr. Adams put in the bill of the secular.
Now, we're talking about one classification.
Honorable Mr. Karl, Mr. Cohn, here's to the bill of the secular.
Mr. Karl, Mr. Cohn, here's to the bill of the secular.
The designer about October 2, 1963, Mr. Cohn and Mr. Frank's side,
executive director of the functionality, filed a discussion of the charity plan
for the sum of the political engineering, but also for the support of the military of the army,
to arrange for the assignment of the military shine to oppose them in the New York City area,
upon his induction of the army, on the ground, the logisticist considered his viral,
unbiased, coloned, and the military shine available for consultation.
For the fact that the sub-s militias complete certain work,
with which the law is not signed for many, now,
the only witness out of the Mr. Karl and Mr. Cohn,
who can testify that is yourself,
that's right, this for this classification must be based upon you,
states, and I assume, to your counsel.
Now, just for you, I'm not trying to entrap you at all.
I'm paid, I think it's like a deal with me on that.
I'm paid 226, Mr. Secretary, Mr. Jenkins, perhaps just first.
You look over the floor, and I can't see you, Mr. Cohn, what else?
Insofar, what are you?
Do you mean with respect to David Cyan, Mr. Jenkins?
Did Mr. Karl make any statement of that conference
and did he receive the shine?
Answer, this is on last Friday, Bob.
I do not work once again.
I just become the place of our trial, you know?
Now, I think you should tell us today,
whether you were attempting that testimony,
why you are trying to get so far,
you're gonna lie to the side, what are you putting in the line?
There's something occurred,
you make a change in your mind.
Well, I thought of that, I thought you had one minute,
one minute, I'm gonna go ahead and back before the committee.
You do, Mr. Secretary, it's not, I wonder if I can have the young man here.
You're just moving one side, so I just do this.
242, get down to the floor.
I just say, I know when you were,
when one is holding a memory of fire,
I'm holding mine and my efforts to get all effects before the committee.
I truly heard a lot of things that took over the hall.
The Ractic Dermination, I couldn't recollect any specific time.
I'm not a part of the R&D,
but it's a lot of different now, so I'm going to take a picture.
Can I give you a few?
Yes.
Here is the emotional story of the day.
What a reason was that?
Well, no man was there, right?
You immediately.
Sure, you say the French side, the French side,
the French side, we've ruined you.
You do that very well on the table.
One way, you say the French side,
the French side, the French side,
the French side, you go through the proper.
You see a film on the floor?
And you say you say not.
Maybe you can film it, maybe you can.
You don't know what you think you do it, maybe you can do this, salad.
Now I want to tell you something,
I'm a bit of a joke about my human life,
and I'm a human life, I'm a little bit of yourself.
Ah, Mr. Egg.
Mr. Stevens, I'll ask you this question.
It's so elementary, I thought it was one of my friends.
Right?
Intentioned by...
...the general security line, we've been out there.
Out there?
Did he always...
...just to call over anytime, making his choice?
Send the security out to the youth.
If he's doing my heart,
I'm asking what I've left behind,
I'm asking you to come to my office,
Mr. Stevens.
I think you should just tune in,
as the air, our latest air,
that's for the monsoon,
all off to the front of the house.
Thank you.